[images] add security best practices in security.md (#13036)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/images/security.md

---
pcx_content_type: security
title: Security
meta:
    title: Security | Image Optimization
weight: 9
---

# Security Best Practices

To further ensure the security and efficiency of image optimization services, you can adopt Cloudflare products that safeguard against malicious activities.

> Cloudflare security products like [Cloudflare WAF](https://www.cloudflare.com/application-services/products/waf/), [Cloudflare Bot Management](https://www.cloudflare.com/application-services/products/bot-management/) and [Cloudflare Rate Limiting](https://www.cloudflare.com/application-services/products/rate-limiting/) can enhance the protection of your image optimization requests against abuse. This proactive approach ensures a reliable and efficient experience for all legitimate users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare security products like [Cloudflare WAF](/waf/), [Cloudflare Bot Management](/bots/get-started/bm-subscription/) and [Cloudflare Rate Limiting](/waf/rate-limiting-rules/) can enhance the protection of your image optimization requests against abuse. This proactive approach ensures a reliable and efficient experience for all legitimate users. 
```
